Speaker A: Please note that your call may be recorded for quality assurance or training purposes.
Speaker B: Thank you for calling share mobility. This is Ashley, how may I help you?
Speaker C: Hi, Ashley, this is Louise Armon. I have a couple questions. How are you? Also, I was wondering if I should go to Walmart on Monday. The 24th athlete pick up a ten and 1215.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker C: Say that again?
Speaker B: 10:00 pick up and a return at 1215. Yes, what you said. Yeah, I just scheduled it. I was just about to call you.
Speaker C: Oh, okay. I've never been called back and I'm surprised that you know about this. I forgot that I gave it a message. But anyhow, both of those times are okay.
Speaker B: Yep. Both of those times are okay.
Speaker C: Okay. Thank you. Now, my next question was, I thought I would go online just to see if I got called five times today and I could never get through. So you guys are really busy on Saturdays. But anyhow, I thought I'm going to just sign up. That way if I can't reach anybody, I could tied up because at first I did, I was automatically put on by someone that approached me. You know, they get on double check. But anyhow, when I get out, it won't accept me because I. It says already that I have a. That I have a contact. And so when I. It says that I already have a contract with you. And then when I go in and. And try to sign up and put my name and address and time and all that, then it comes back and says that it won't accept my information.
Speaker B: Right. You already have an account set up? We set it.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker B: That's why we schedule you.
Speaker C: Oh. But I was wondering if I could just get in and make. Sign up for appointment rather than call you. They won't let me.
Speaker B: Right. So you have to log in in order to schedule things. But on Saturdays, I tip. We typically don't answer the phones live on Saturdays. I've just started. Yeah. So during the weekend, it's going to be very rare that you get somebody live. We'll return the phone call, but. Well, I will since I'm the only one here now. But yeah. So during the weekend it's gonna go live often.
Speaker C: Right. So that. Other words, I only have to call you for a point, but I don't have to go online.
Speaker B: Yeah. Or you can go online. You would just use your email address and the password would be r I d e r. All lower case.
Speaker C: Second r e. No, I r. Oh, Ryder. R r I d e r. Rider.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: I finally got you. I have. I'm talking on my caption call phone right now, and it shows that you said the password is writer. I did not. Look at that. Okay. I mean, the reason why I go on this, because I don't hear that well, and I really have to strain to hear on my cell phone, and so I'm calling this year, so. So to put in writer. Okay. Thank you for that, too. But I love hearing your sweet voice.
Speaker B: Oh, not a problem. I'm happy I was able to help you, but, yeah, you can always. Okay. You can even see what ride you have scheduled on there as well. But I have you all set.
Speaker C: Okay. Thank you. You made my day. Okay, honey. Bye.